✨(react) add Modals (#226)
openfun/cunningham: packages/react/src/components/Modal/index.mdx

import { Canvas, Meta, Story, Source, ArgTypes } from '@storybook/blocks';
import * as Stories from './index.stories';
import * as PreBuiltStories from './PreBuilt.stories';
import { Modal } from './index';

<Meta of={Stories}/>

# Modal

Cunningham provides a versatile Modal component for displaying any kind of information.

<Canvas>
  <Story of={Stories.ThreeButtons} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>

<Source
  language='ts'
  dark
  format={false}
  code={`import { Modal } from "@openfun/cunningham-react";`}
/>

> ⚠️ If you want to try dark theme on the modal, you need to go on individual stories. It will not work on this page due to iframe wrapping.

## Usage

> The component is easy to use. You need to use the `useModal()` hook to get all the needed props and helper functions.

Reviewer: IMO, we should add a paragrah to explain in detail the hook `useModal` and detail all stuff returned by it.

<Source
  language='tsx'
  dark
  format={false}
  code={`
import { CunninghamProvider, Button, Modal } from "@openfun/cunningham-react";

const App = () => {
  const modal = useModal();
  return (
    <CunninghamProvider>

>       <Button onClick={() => modal.open()}>Open Modal</Button>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <Button onClick={modal.open}>Open Modal</Button>
```

### Small

<Canvas>
  <Story of={Stories.Small} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>

### Medium

<Canvas>
  <Story of={Stories.Medium} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>

### Large

<Canvas>
  <Story of={Stories.Large} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>

### Full

<Canvas>
  <Story of={Stories.FullWithContent} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>

## Close button

You can hide the close button by passing the `hideCloseButton` prop.

<Canvas>
  <Story of={Stories.HideCloseButton} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>

## Buttons

### Right buttons

You can add buttons on the right side of the modal by passing the `rightActions` prop.

<Canvas>
  <Story of={Stories.PrimaryButton} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>

### Left buttons

You can add buttons on the left side of the modal by passing the `leftActions` prop.

<Canvas>
  <Story of={Stories.ThreeButtons} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>

### Center buttons

You can add buttons on the center of the modal by passing the `actions` prop.

<Canvas>
  <Story of={Stories.CenterButtons} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>

## Icon

You can add an icon to the modal by passing the `titleIcon` prop.

<Canvas>
  <Story of={Stories.ExampleApplication} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>

## Close on click outside

> By default, the modal will not close when you click outside of it in order to match the default behavior of the `<dialog/>` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the modal will not be closed when you click outside of it in order to match the default behavior of the `<dialog/>` element.
```

#### Neutral

<Canvas>
  <Story of={PreBuiltStories.NeutralModal} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>
<Canvas>
  <Story of={PreBuiltStories.SuccessModal} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>
<Canvas>
  <Story of={PreBuiltStories.InfoModal} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>
<Canvas>
  <Story of={PreBuiltStories.ErrorModal} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>
<Canvas>
  <Story of={PreBuiltStories.WarningModal} inline={false}/>
</Canvas>

## Props

These are the props of `Modal`.

<ArgTypes of={Modal} />

## Design tokens

Here a the custom design tokens defined by the Toast.

| Token        	| Description                 	|
|---------------	|-----------------------------	|
| background-color 	| Default background color 	|
| border-radius 	| Border radius of the modal 	|
| border-color 	| Border color of the modal 	|
| box-shadow 	| Box shadow of the modal 	|
| title-font-weight 	| Font weight of the modal title	|
| color 	| Color of the modal title 	|
| content-font-size 	| Font size of the modal content	|
| content-font-weight 	| Font weight of the modal content	|
| content-color 	| Font Color of the modal content	|
| small-width 	| Width of the small modal size	|
| medium-width 	| Width of the medium modal size	|

> | large-width 	| Width of the large modal size	|

Reviewer: You updated the token but you forgot to update this part of the doc accordingly.
